Trivia Question: How many colors are there in the rainbow?
Answer: 7

Trivia Question: How many planets are there in the solar system?
Answer: 8

Trivia Question: What color is a ruby?
Answer: Red

Trivia Question: What do caterpillars turn into?
Answer: Butterflies

Trivia Question: What do you call a baby lion?
Answer: A cub

Trivia Question: What do bees make?
Answer: Honey

Trivia Question: What is it called when birds fly to warmer climates for the winter?
Answer: Migration

Trivia Question: How many legs does a spider have?
Answer: 8

Trivia Question: What is the fastest land animal?
Answer: Cheetah

Trivia Question: How many teeth does a human have?
Answer: 32

Trivia Question: How many toes does a human have?
Answer: 10

Trivia Question: What do you call a baby goat?
Answer: A kid

Trivia Question: What temperature does water freeze at (in degrees Farenheit)?
Answer: 32

Trivia Question: What word refers to animals with a backbone?
Answer: vertebrates

Trivia Question: What is a group of crows called?
Answer: A murder

Trivia Question: What is a group of lions called?
Answer: A pride

Trivia Question: What is a human’s average temperature (in degrees Farenheit)?
Answer: 98.6

Trivia Question: What is the nearest planet to the Sun?
Answer: Mercury

Trivia Question: How many inches are in a foot?
Answer: 12

Trivia Question: How many feet are in a yard?
Answer: 3

Trivia Question: What kind of shape is a stop sign?
Answer: An octagon

Trivia Question: How many sides does a pentagon have?
Answer: 5

Trivia Question: What comes after a million, billion, & trillion?
Answer: Quadrillion

Trivia Question: How many zeros are in a million?
Answer: 6

Trivia Question: What is the top number of a fraction called?
Answer: numerator

Trivia Question: What is the bottom number of a fraction called?
Answer: denominator

Trivia Question: How many degrees are in a right angle?
Answer: 90

Trivia Question: How many pints are in a gallon?
Answer: 8

Trivia Question: How many pints are in a quart?
Answer: 2

Trivia Question: If a car is traveling at 65 mph, how many miles would it travel in 6 hours?
Answer: 390

Trivia Question: How many arms does an octopus have?
Answer: 8

Trivia Question: What kind of mollusk holds a pearl in its shell?
Answer: An oyster

Trivia Question: What largely creates the Earth’s tides through gravitational pull?
Answer: The Moon

Trivia Question: How many arms does a starfish have?
Answer: 5

Trivia Question: Which sea animal has tentacles that sting?
Answer: Jellyfish

Trivia Question: What is the longest bone in the human body?
Answer: Femur

Trivia Question: How many bones are in the human body?
Answer: 206

Trivia Question: What is the smallest bone in the human body?
Answer: The stapes

Trivia Question: How many ribs are in the human body?
Answer: 12

Trivia Question: How many phases does the Moon have?
Answer: 8

Trivia Question: How many days does it take the Moon to orbit the Earth?
Answer: 27

Trivia Question: What is the name for the holes on the Moon’s surface?
Answer: Craters

Trivia Question: Which bird can learn to mimic human speech?
Answer: Parrots

Trivia Question: What bird lives in Antarctica and cannot fly?
Answer: Penguin

Trivia Question: What allows birds to fly?
Answer: Their wings

Trivia Question: How many edges does a cube have?
Answer: 12

Trivia Question: What kind of tree do acorns grow on?
Answer: Oak

Trivia Question: What is a female elephant called?
Answer: A cow

Trivia Question: What color is given to the second full moon of the month?
Answer: Blue

Trivia Question: A lunar eclipse occurs when the Earth is between the Moon and what else?
Answer: The sun

Trivia Question: Are birds warm-blooded?
Answer: Yes

Trivia Question: What is the largest bird in the world?
Answer: Ostrich

Trivia Question: What is the most common species of bird found in the world?
Answer: Chicken

Trivia Question: True or false, hummingbirds can fly backward.
Answer: True

Trivia Question: Which body parts continue to grow throughout your entire life?
Answer: ears and nose

Trivia Question: The left side of your body is controlled by which side of your brain?
Answer: The right side


Trivia Question: Which cat is the largest member of the cat family?
Answer: Tiger

Trivia Question: Frogs begin life as what?
Answer: Tadpoles

Trivia Question: What is the hottest planet in our solar system?
Answer: Venus

Trivia Question: What is a dog’s most highly developed sense?
Answer: Smell

Trivia Question: True or False, dogs can only see in black & white.
Answer: False

Trivia Question: What is the most common training command taught to dogs?
Answer: Sit

Trivia Question: Which dog breed has a black dog?
Answer: Chow chow

Trivia Question: True or false, Dalmatians are born with spots.
Answer: False

Trivia Question: Teeth form part of the skeletal system, but do they count as bones?
Answer: No

Trivia Question: Do snakes have eyelids?
Answer: No

Trivia Question: What do snakes smell with?
Answer: Their tongue

Trivia Question: How many Earths could fit inside the sun?
Answer: 1 million

Trivia Question: Which fruit does Spongebob live in?
Answer: Pineapple

Trivia Question: Which princess lived with seven dwarfs?
Answer: Snow White


Trivia Question: Who lives in Neverland?
Answer: Peter Pan

Trivia Question: What is Winnie the Poo’s favorite treat?
Answer: Honey


Trivia Question: What kind of fish is Nemo from Finding Nemo?
Answer: A Clownfish

Trivia Question: How many bases are on a baseball field?
Answer: 4

Trivia Question: Which princess fell in love with a beast?
Answer: Princess Belle

Trivia Question: Which TV network hosts The Teen Choice Awards?
Answer: Nickelodeon

Trivia Question: Who is the villain in The Little Mermaid?
Answer: Ursula

Trivia Question: What television series cartoon dog says, “Ruh Roh!”?
Answer: Scooby-Doo


Trivia Question: What color is the sky?
Answer: Blue

Trivia Question: How many pounds of food can one person eat in a year?
Answer: 2000

Trivia Question: How many books are in the Harry Potter series?
Answer: 7

Trivia Question: What company makes iPads and iPhones?
Answer: Apple

Trivia Question: Whose catchphrase is “to infinity and beyond”?
Answer: Buzz Lightyear


Trivia Question: What is Shrek’s wife’s name?
Answer: Fiona

Trivia Question: The Stanley Cup is awarded to which sport?
Answer: Hockey

Trivia Question: What does the acronym RBI mean in baseball?
Answer: Runs Batted In

Trivia Question: What was the baby lion’s name in The Lion King?
Answer: Simba

Trivia Question: What is Mike’s last name in Monsters, Inc.?
Answer: Wazowski

Trivia Question: Where did Harry Potter go to school?
Answer: Hogwarts

Trivia Question: Katniss was the main character in what movie?
Answer: The Hunger Games

Trivia Question: What did the lion want most in The Wizard of Oz?
Answer: Courage

Trivia Question: What does Mario jump on after completing a level?
Answer: A flagpole

Trivia Question: What is Buddy the Elf’s brother’s name?
Answer: Michael

Trivia Question: What weakens Superman?
Answer: Kryptonite

Trivia Question: What is the shape of a baseball field?
Answer: A diamond

Trivia Question: What does the score of “love” equal in tennis?
Answer: 0

Trivia Question: True or False: A birdie is one stroke over par?
Answer: False

Trivia Question: How points do you score for a touchdown in football?
Answer: 6

Trivia Question: How many basketball players are on the court during a basketball game (including both teams)?
Answer: 10

Trivia Question: What’s Andy’s last name in Toy Story?
Answer: Davis

Trivia Question: Which actor plays the voice of Woody in Toy Story?
Answer: Tom Hanks

Trivia Question: What is the name of Andy’s evil neighbor in Toy Story?
Answer: Sid

Trivia Question: Baloo sings which song in the movie Jungle Book?
Answer: Bare Necessities

Trivia Question: What is the name of the van the crew drives in Scooby-Doo?
Answer: The Mystery Machine

Trivia Question: How many movies are there in the Toy Story movie series?
Answer: 4

Trivia Question: What color sweater does Velma wear in Scooby-Doo?
Answer: Orange

Trivia Question: What type of dog is Scooby-Doo?
Answer: Great Dane

Trivia Question: What is the name of the child from Jungle Book?
Answer: Mowgli

Trivia Question: True or False, Mowgli from Jungle Book was raised by wolves?
Answer: True

Trivia Question: What kind of drink does James Bond ask to be “shaken, not stirred”?
Answer: Vodka Martini

Trivia Question: What car manufacturer is James Bond renowned for driving in James Bond movies?
Answer: Aston Martins

Trivia Question: Who created James Bond and wrote the original novels?
Answer: Ian Flemming

Trivia Question: What kind of cat is Garfield?
Answer: Tabby cat

Trivia Question: What kind of birds are famous for saying “mine” in Finding Nemo?
Answer: Seagull

Trivia Question: In which game do you receive $200 when you pass “GO”?
Answer: Monopoly

Trivia Question: How many cards does each player get in the card game “Go Fish”?
Answer: 5

Trivia Question: What is the name of Barbie’s male companion?
Answer: Ken

Trivia Question: What is the name of Han Solo’s ship in Star Wars?
Answer: Millennium Falcon

Trivia Question: What is the famous weapon used by Jedi Knights in Star Wars?
Answer: Light Saber

Trivia Question: What planet is home to Chewbacca and the Wookiees in Star Wars?
Answer: Kashyyyk

Trivia Question: Whose famous line is “Luke, I am your father”?
Answer: Darth Vader

Trivia Question: Which actor played Spider-Man in Spider-Man: Homecoming?
Answer: Tom Holland

Trivia Question: What is Batman’s real name?
Answer: Bruce Wayne

Trivia Question: Who is Spider-Man’s crush?
Answer: Mary Jane Watson

Trivia Question: Which actor plays Ironman in the latest Ironman movies?
Answer: Robert Downey Jr.

Trivia Question: Hugh Jackman plays which character in the X-men movies?
Answer: Wolverine

Trivia Question: What is the name of the group in Scooby-Doo?
Answer: Mystery Inc.

Trivia Question: Who is Spongebob’s next-door neighbor?
Answer: Squidward 

Trivia Question: Who is Squidward’s arch-nemesis in Spongebob Squarepants?
Answer: Squilliam

Trivia Question: Which chipmunk from Alvin and the Chipmunks wears a blue sweater?
Answer: Simon

Trivia Question: Peter Pan is the captain of which group of boys?
Answer: The Lost Boys

Trivia Question: How many stepsisters does Cinderella have?
Answer: 2

Trivia Question: Who wrote the Harry Potter series?
Answer: J.K. Rowling

Trivia Question: What does Shaggy say when he’s scared in Scooby-Doo?
Answer: Zoinks

Trivia Question: What does Velma say when she discovers a clue in Scooby-Doo?
Answer: Jinkies

Trivia Question: What are the names of Timmy Turner’s fairy godparents in The Fairly OddParents?
Answer: Cosmo and Wanda

Trivia Question: Who sings the song “Bad Guy”?
Answer: Billie Eilish

Trivia Question: How old was Justin Bieber when he became famous?
Answer: 13

Trivia Question: What was Justin Bieber’s first song?
Answer: One Time

Trivia Question: Which singer based his first four albums off of math symbols?
Answer: Ed Sheeran

Trivia Question: Who sings the song “Lover”?
Answer: Taylor Swift

Trivia Question: Who sings the song “Lose You to Love Me”?
Answer: Selena Gomez

Trivia Question: What color is Scooby-Doo’s collar?
Answer: Blue

Trivia Question: Which singer was featured on Lil Nas X’s “Old Town Road”?
Answer: Billy Ray Cyrus

Trivia Question: Which famous singer also starred on the old Nickelodeon show Victorious?
Answer: Ariana Grande

Trivia Question: Who is the villain in 101 Dalmatians?
Answer: Cruella De Vil

Trivia Question: Who is known to be the “King” of Rock n’ Roll?
Answer: Elvis Presley

Trivia Question: True or False: NFL Super Bowl referees also get a Super Bowl ring.
Answer: True

Trivia Question: What is the name of Charlie Brown’s dog?
Answer: Snoopy

Trivia Question: What kind of dog is Snoopy?
Answer: Beagle

Trivia Question: What do the aliens worship as a god in Toy Story?
Answer: The Claw

Trivia Question: What is the capital of America?
Answer: Washington, D.C.

Trivia Question: Who was the first President of the United States?
Answer: George Washington

Trivia Question: How many states are in the U.S.A.?
Answer: 50

Trivia Question: How many stars are on the American flag?
Answer: 50 

Trivia Question: How many stipes are on the American flag?
Answer: 13

Trivia Question: Who discovered electricity?
Answer: Benjamin Franklin

Trivia Question: How many presidents are on Mount Rushmore?
Answer: 4

Trivia Question: Which ocean is the saltiest in the world?
Answer: Atlantic

Trivia Question: Which state is Mount Rushmore in?
Answer: South Dakota

Trivia Question: In what state would you find the Golden Gate Bridge?
Answer: California

Trivia Question: How many states make up the contiguous United States?
Answer: 48

Trivia Question: How many continents are there in the world?
Answer: 7

Trivia Question: When you’re standing on the South Pole, any other direction you point is in which direction?
Answer: North

Trivia Question: Who invented the telephone?
Answer: Alexander Graham Bell

Trivia Question: Where was the first colony founded?
Answer: Virginia

Trivia Question: What color are the stars on the American flag?
Answer: White

Trivia Question: Where is the Great Pyramid of Giza?
Answer: Egypt

Trivia Question: What is the largest ocean in the world?
Answer: Pacific

Trivia Question: What is the smallest ocean in the world?
Answer: Arctic

Trivia Question: Which ocean is the deepest in the world?
Answer: Pacific

Trivia Question: Who was the first man to land on the Moon?
Answer: Neil Armstrong

Trivia Question: What is the Earth’s largest continent?
Answer: Asia

Trivia Question: What is the largest mountain in the world?
Answer: Mt. Everest

Trivia Question: Which continent is the flattest?
Answer: Australia

Trivia Question: Who was elected as America’s first African American president?
Answer: Barrack Obama

Trivia Question: Which president is on the $20 bill?
Answer: Andrew Jackson

Trivia Question: When was America discovered?
Answer: 1492

Trivia Question: In which state is the Hollywood sign located?
Answer: California

Trivia Question: In which city is the Empire State Building?
Answer: New York City

Trivia Question: How many floors are in the Empire State Building?
Answer: 102

Trivia Question: Which U.S. state is a peninsula?
Answer: Florida

Trivia Question: Which U.S. state has a bear on their flag?
Answer: California

Trivia Question: What city is the capital of France?
Answer: Paris

Trivia Question: Which continent is the most populated in the world?
Answer: Asia

Trivia Question: What is the largest U.S. state by land area?
Answer: Alaska

Trivia Question: In which U.S. city is Wall Street located?
Answer: New York City

Trivia Question: Where is the Grand Canyon located?
Answer: Arizona

Trivia Question: Which country gifted America the Statue of Liberty?
Answer: France

Trivia Question: When you’re standing on the North Pole, any other direction you point is in which direction?
Answer: South

Trivia Question: Is Antarctica located on the North Pole or the South Pole?
Answer: The South Pole

Trivia Question: The North Pole is located in which ocean?
Answer: Arctic

Trivia Question: What is Amelia Earhart known for?
Answer: Flying

Trivia Question: Who was the first woman to fly in space?
Answer: Sally Ride

Trivia Question: Which U.S. Apollo was the first to land on the Moon?
Answer: 11

Trivia Question: Which city was divided by a wall from 1961 to 1989?
Answer: Berlin

Trivia Question: How many missions have landed on the Moon?
Answer: 6

Trivia Question: Who invented the light bulb?
Answer: Thomas Edison

Trivia Question: What season comes after summer?
Answer: Fall

Trivia Question: How many days are there in a year?
Answer: 365

Trivia Question: How many rings make up the symbol for the Olympic Games?
Answer: 5

Trivia Question: How many months are there in a year?
Answer: 12

Trivia Question: What are on the stems of roses?
Answer: Thorns

Trivia Question: What do Dalmatians have on their fur?
Answer: Spots

Trivia Question: How many strings are on a guitar?
Answer: 6

Trivia Question: Who painted the Mona Lisa?
Answer: Leonardo da Vinci

Trivia Question: How many seasons are there in a year?
Answer: 4

Trivia Question: How many weeks are there in a year?
Answer: 52

Trivia Question: What does ‘mph’ stand for?
Answer: Miles per hour

Trivia Question: Where does Dracula live?
Answer: Transylvania

Trivia Question: How many keys are on a piano?
Answer: 88

Trivia Question: Traditionally, how many Wonders of the World are there?
Answer: 7

Trivia Question: How many strings does a violin have?
Answer: 4

Trivia Question: In Greek mythology, who turned all that he touched into gold?
Answer: Mitas

Trivia Question: How many wheels does a school bus have?
Answer: 6

Trivia Question: What is the national bird of the U.S.A.
Answer: Bald Eagle

Trivia Question: What color cat has a reputation for being bad luck?
Answer: Black cat

Trivia Question: Which animal is known as “man’s best friend”?
Answer: Dogs

Trivia Question: If this animal poops on you, you will supposedly have good luck.
Answer: Bird

Trivia Question: What is the name of a bird’s home?
Answer: A nest

Trivia Question: The sunsets in which direction?
Answer: West

Trivia Question: The sun rises from which direction?
Answer: East

Trivia Question: What color is the absence of color?
Answer: Black

Trivia Question: Is white considered a color?
Answer: Yes

Trivia Question: What is said to be the most neutral color?
Answer: Green

Trivia Question: In which country were the Olympics first held in 1896?
Answer: Greece